task: clarify change stream paradigms (#135)
mongodb/docs-node: source/usage-examples/changeStream.txt

which consists of an array of :manual:`aggregation stages </changeStreams/#modify-change-stream-output>` as the first
parameter to filter and transform the change events.

.. code-block:: javascript

   // watch for changes in documents with a `runtime` value less than 15

   const pipeline = [ { $match: { runtime: { $lt: 15 } }, ];
   const changeStream = await collection.watch(pipeline);

The ``watch()`` method accepts an ``options`` object as the second parameter. Refer to the links at the end of this
section for more information on the settings you can configure with this object.

The ``watch()`` method returns an instance of a :node-api:`ChangeStream </ChangeStream.html>`. You can consume change
streams using the paradigm you are most comfortable with: iterative or event-based.

.. warning::

   Do not mix the iterative and event paradigms when consuming change streams. Doing so is a common cause of undesired
   behavior.

.. tabs::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: Iterative

      You can call methods on the ChangeStream such as ``hasNext()`` to check for remaining documents in the stream,

>       ``next()`` to request the next document in the stream, ``pause()`` to stop emitting events, ``resume()`` to continue
>       to emit events, and ``close()`` to close the ChangeStream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ``next()`` to request the next document in the stream, and ``close()`` to close the ChangeStream.
```

   .. tab::
      :tabid: Event

      You can attach listener functions by calling the ``on()`` method on the instance, inherited from the Javascript
      ``EventEmitter`` class. Pass the string ``"change"`` as the first parameter and add your callback function as the
      second parameter as shown below:

      .. code-block:: javascript

         changeStream.on("change", (changeEvent) => { /* your callback function */ });

      The callback function triggers when a change event is emitted. You can specify logic in the callback to process
      the event document when it is received.

>       To stop processing change events, call the :node-api:`close() </ChangeStream.html#close>` method on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    The change stream can be controlled by ``pause()`` to stop emitting events, and ``resume()`` to continue to emit events.

      To stop processing change events, call the :node-api:`close() </ChangeStream.html#close>` method on the
```

Open a Change Stream
--------------------

You can watch for changes to a single collection, a database, or an entire deployment in MongoDB with

> :manual:`Change Streams </changeStreams/>`.

Reviewer 2: I intentionally moved any links to material outside of drivers/node from the top based on feedback we received about navigating away too quickly due to having the links featured too early. Would it be possible not to depend on the user visiting the manual link and feature the definition/summary of it here instead?

Open a change stream by calling the ``watch()`` method on a ``Collection``, ``Db``, or ``MongoClient`` object. The
change stream emits :manual:`change event </reference/change-events/>` documents when they occur.

> The ``watch()`` method optionally takes an :manual:`aggregation pipeline </reference/operator/aggregation-pipeline/>`

Reviewer 2: Same comment about linking to material external to the node driver docs early on in the page, applies to other instances below. Usually, the links are featured at the end of the section or page in a section for further information (see line 26-27 for an example of this redirection).

which consists of an array of :manual:`aggregation stages </changeStreams/#modify-change-stream-output>` as the first

> parameter to filter and transform the change events.

Reviewer 2: If you keep sentences shorter, it's easier to discern what the subject is.

```suggestion
parameter. The aggregation stages filter and transform the change events.
```

.. code-block:: javascript

>    // watch for changes in documents with a `runtime` value less than 15

Reviewer 2: Would prefer to explain this above the code block or as a caption. I still remember user feedback about not reading code comments, and I doubt that has changed.

   const pipeline = [ { $match: { runtime: { $lt: 15 } }, ];
   const changeStream = await collection.watch(pipeline);

The ``watch()`` method accepts an ``options`` object as the second parameter. Refer to the links at the end of this
section for more information on the settings you can configure with this object.

> The ``watch()`` method returns an instance of a :node-api:`ChangeStream </ChangeStream.html>`. You can consume change

Reviewer 2: I would avoid "consume" since it's a new verb not used in the document before and probably not a familiar term for a Jasmin persona audience.

> streams using the paradigm you are most comfortable with: iterative or event-based.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid "paradigm" for a similar reason. Instead, you can be more direct and terse:
```suggestion
streams by iterating over it or listening for events. Select the tab that corresponds to the way you want to read events from the change stream below.
```

.. warning::

>    Do not mix the iterative and event paradigms when consuming change streams. Doing so is a common cause of undesired
>    behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Avoid mixing both the iterative and event-based approach of reading from change streams as it can cause unexpected behavior.
```

.. tabs::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: Iterative

>       You can call methods on the ChangeStream such as ``hasNext()`` to check for remaining documents in the stream,
>       ``next()`` to request the next document in the stream, and ``close()`` to close the ChangeStream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       You can call methods on the ``ChangeStream`` object such as:
       - ``hasNext()`` to check for remaining documents in the stream
       - ``next()`` to request the next document in the stream
       - ``close()`` to close the ChangeStream

```

   .. tab::
      :tabid: Event

>       You can attach listener functions by calling the ``on()`` method on the instance, inherited from the Javascript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You can attach listener functions to the ``ChangeStream``  object by calling the ``on()`` method. This method is inherited from the Javascript
```

>       ``EventEmitter`` class. Pass the string ``"change"`` as the first parameter and add your callback function as the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ``EventEmitter`` class. Pass the string ``"change"`` as the first parameter and your callback function as the
```

      second parameter as shown below:

      .. code-block:: javascript

         changeStream.on("change", (changeEvent) => { /* your callback function */ });

      The callback function triggers when a change event is emitted. You can specify logic in the callback to process

>       the event document when it is received.

Reviewer 2: Just to be precise:
```suggestion
      the change event document when it is received.
```

>       The change stream can be controlled by ``pause()`` to stop emitting events, and ``resume()`` to continue to emit events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You can control the change stream by calling ``pause()`` to stop emitting events or ``resume()`` to continue to emit events.
```

      To stop processing change events, call the :node-api:`close() </ChangeStream.html#close>` method on the
      ``ChangeStream`` instance. This closes the change stream and frees resources.

      .. code-block:: javascript

         changeStream.close();

Visit the following resources for additional material on the classes and
methods presented above:

- :manual:`Change streams </changeStreams/>`
- :manual:`Change events </reference/change-events/>`
- :manual:`aggregation pipeline </reference/operator/aggregation-pipeline/>`

> - :manual:`aggregation stages </changeStreams/#modify-change-stream-output>`

Reviewer 2: Could be good to stay consistent with capitalization.

- :node-api:`ChangeStream class API documentation </ChangeStream.html>`
- :node-api:`Collection.watch() </Collection.html#watch>`,
- :node-api:`Db.watch() </Db.html#watch>`,
- :node-api:`MongoClient.watch() API documentation </MongoClient.html#watch>`

.. note::

>    For update operation change events, change streams return the modified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Change events that contain information on update operations only return the modified
   ```
